Publish the February community update (#55)
python/steering-council: updates/2021-02-steering-council-update.md

  consider more information.

- The Steering Council discussed the ongoing work on porting types in the
  standard library to heap-types and the subinterpreter-related changes. It was
  decided that through Pablo, the Steering Council will ask the core developers
  driving those changes to create an informational PEP and not to make any more
  changes in this area after beta 1, as per our general policy.

- The Steering Council discussed adding a TOML module to the standard library.
  It was decided that maintainers should write a PEP. On the topic of the
  standard library, it was agreed that the Steering Council should present at
  the PyCon US 2021 Language Summit on the future of the standard library and
  Brett is going to gather data on what PRs are tied to which module, which
  modules are imported and used the most, commit churn to help start the
  planning so we can make data-driven discussions and decisions. 

- The acceptance notice for PEP 634 will be sent from the Steering Council
  email, and Thomas will send rejection notices to other competing PEPs that
  are therefore rejected.

## February 15

> [ The SC could not meet this week due to a bank holiday in the US and the
> impossibility to find a common replacement date in the week ] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ The SC could not meet this week due to holidays in the US and Canada, and the
impossibility to find a common replacement date in the week ] 
```
